PCOS_prediction_webapp
I choose the disease – PCOS because it is the untouched and required topic in context to this time. The disease is so natural but usually the women tend to feel embarrassed when consulting about it. They think of many times that they are being affected or not. But with the help of today’s technology and improvements they can check it while sitting at home on internet within few minutes.

This project is developed to create a model that can predict the disease –PCOS in the person looking out for it, once getting all the required symptoms A machine learning model is designed in python language to predict the disease in which the user will be directed to a web page where all the inputs regarding symptoms of the disease will be taken. After entering all the required inputs, when user will press the submit button, the model made in python will present the result that whether the user is having disease or not. To maintain privacy user is asked to enter the information regarding symptoms and only general information, no other personal detail is asked from him. The dataset used in training and testing the model is highly precise and accurate. Therefore the accuracy of the model can be trusted up to large extent. This model can help the person to tell whether the person is having PCOS or not. Without involving any outdoor consultancy of doctor, this model can tell you that you are affected with the disease or not.

Type of model:- Forecast Model ; this is the most widely used predictive analytics models, the forecast model deals in metric value prediction, estimating numeric value for new data based on learnings from historical data. This model can be applied wherever historical numerical data is available.

Pre-requisites:- Knowledge about python, data structures and statistics. Language used for coding: - Python Software requirements: - Visual Studio code , Ms-excel .
